KOGITO-1182 : Kogito Quick Starts Scripts / Kogito with Infinispan Update (#7)
kiegroup/kogito-quickstarts: kogito-infinispan-persistence-quarkus/README.md

* each process instance is going to be evaluated and asks for review
* at any point in time service can be shutdown and when brought back it will keep the state of the instances

Note: The use of this example shows that the data sent to infinispan is saved, you can shut down the application and restart it

> and as long as infinispan is running after you restar you should still see the data

Reviewer: small typo: after you restar**t**

Author: fixed @radtriste

It utilizes Infinispan server as the backend store. 
	

> * Process	

Reviewer: `Process (submitDeal.bpmn)`

Reviewer: still, we should mention the filename here for the user

Author: fixed @radtriste

<p align="center"><img width=75% height=50% src="docs/images/process.png"></p>

> * Process Properties	

Reviewer: `Process Properties (top)`

Author: Done @radtriste

<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/processProperties.png"></p>

> * Process Properties	

Reviewer: `Process Properties (bottom)`

<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/processProperties2.png"></p>

> * Process Properties	

Reviewer: `Process Properties (Imports)`

Author: Done @radtriste

> <p align="center"><img src="docs/images/processProperties3.png"></p>

Reviewer: Imports are missing into bpmn. normal ?

Author: removed @radtriste

* Call a deal	
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/callADeal.png"></p>

> * Call a deal	

Reviewer: `Call a deal (Assignments)`

Author: Done @radtriste

<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/callADeal2.png"></p>

* Print review the Deal	
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/printReviewTheDeal.png"></p>

> * Subprocess

Reviewer: `Subprocess (reviewDeal.bpmn)`

Reviewer: still, we should mention the filename here for the user

Author: fixed @radtriste

<p align="center"><img width=75% height=50% src="docs/images/subprocess.png"></p>

> * Deal Review	

Reviewer: `Deal Review (top)`

Author: fixed @radtriste

<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/dealReview.png"></p>

> * Deal Review	

Reviewer: `Deal Review (Imports)`

Author: fixed @radtriste

<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/dealReview2.png"></p>

> * Deal Review	

Reviewer: `Deal Review (bottom)`

Author: fixed @radtriste

> * Deal Review	

Reviewer: Should be switch with `Deal Review (Imports)`

Author: fixed @radtriste

<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/dealReview3.png"></p>

> * Review deal user task	

Reviewer: `Review deal user task (top)`

Author: fixed @radtriste

<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/reviewDealUserTask.png"></p>

> * Review deal user task	

Reviewer: `Review deal user task (bottom)`

Author: fixed @radtriste

> <p align="center"><img src="docs/images/reviewDealUserTask2.png"></p>

Reviewer: Please only show the properties panel, as for other screenshots

Author: fixed @radtriste

> * Review deal user task	

Reviewer: `Review deal user task (Assignments)`

Author: fixed @radtriste

<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/reviewDealUserTask3.png"></p>

## Infrastructure requirements

This quickstart requires an Inifinispan server to be available and by default expects it to be on default port and localhost.

You can install Inifinispan server by downloading it from [official website](https://infinispan.org/download/) version to be used is at least 10.0.0.Final

* Infinispan installed and running	
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/infinispanInstalledAndRunning.png"></p>

## Build and run

> 

Reviewer: (line 81) [prerequisites] with quarkus 1.3.0.*, we need GraalVM 19.3.1 minimum

Reviewer: line 75
`GraalVM 19.3+ installed`

Author: fixed @radtriste

> 

Reviewer: (line 83) [prerequisites] GraalVM native image needs as well native-image extension: https://www.graalvm.org/docs/reference-manual/native-image/

Reviewer: You can remove the `[prerequisites]`
I added it at the beginning to mention where the modification was but the line number was in fact more relevant.
Also, I would put the `GraalVM native image needs as well native-image extension [...]` before `Note that GraalVM native image compilation typically requires other packages[...]`

Author: fixed @radtriste

> 

Reviewer: (line 109) swagger-ui is only accessible in dev mode (so with `mvn clean package quarkus:dev`)
See https://quarkus.io/guides/openapi-swaggerui#use-swagger-ui-for-development

Reviewer: to be added ?

Author: fixed @radtriste

<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/processProperties2.png"></p>

* Process Properties	
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/processProperties3.png"></p>

* Call a deal	
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/callADeal.png"></p>

* Call a deal	
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/callADeal2.png"></p>

* Print review the Deal	
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/printReviewTheDeal.png"></p>

* Subprocess
<p align="center"><img width=75% height=50% src="docs/images/subprocess.png"></p>

* Deal Review	
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/dealReview.png"></p>

* Deal Review	
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/dealReview2.png"></p>

* Deal Review	
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/dealReview3.png"></p>

* Review deal user task	
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/reviewDealUserTask.png"></p>

* Review deal user task	
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/reviewDealUserTask2.png"></p>

* Review deal user task	
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/reviewDealUserTask3.png"></p>

## Infrastructure requirements

This quickstart requires an Inifinispan server to be available and by default expects it to be on default port and localhost.

> You can install Inifinispan server by downloading it from [https://infinispan.org/download/](official website) version to be used in 10.0.0.Beta4

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can install Inifinispan server by downloading it from [official website](https://infinispan.org/download/) version to be used is at least 10.0.0.Final
```

Author: Fixed @evacchi

based on the response you can select one of the reviews to see more details

```
curl -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json' http://localhost:8080/dealreviews/{uuid}/tasks?user=john
```

where uuid is the id of the deal review you want to work with.

Next you can get the details assigned to review user task by

```
curl -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json' http://localhost:8080/dealreviews/{uuid}/review/{tuuid}?user=john
```

> where tuuid is the id of the user task you want to get.

Reviewer: `where uuid is the id of the deal review and  tuuid is the id of the user task you want to get `

Author: fixed @radtriste

### Complete review task for given deal

Last but not least you can complete review user task by

```
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json' -d '{"review" : "very good work"}' http://localhost:8080/dealreviews/uuid/review/{tuuid}?user=john

> ```

Reviewer: `where uuid is the id of the deal review and tuuid is the id of the user task you want to get`

Author: fixed @radtriste

* Review Log should look similar to 	

> <p align="center"><img src="docs/images/finishingReviewLog.png"></p>

Reviewer: can we put the logs as text to be more readable ?

Author: fixed @radtriste

```
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json' -d '{"review" : "very good work"}' http://localhost:8080/dealreviews/xxx-aaa-cccc/review/xxx-yyy-zzz
```

> 

Reviewer: (line 153) 
- we should use `{uuid}` placeholder instead of `xxx-aaa-cccc`
- `curl -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json' http://localhost:8080/dealreviews/{uuid}/tasks?user=john`

Author: Hi @radtriste Done

> 

Reviewer: line 161
- we should use `{uuid}` and `{tuuid}` placeholders instead of `xxx-aaa-cccc` and `xxx-yyy-zzz`
- `curl -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json' http://localhost:8080/dealreviews/{uuid}/review/{tuuid}?user=john`

Author: Hi @radtriste Done

> 

Reviewer: line 171
- we should use `{uuid}` and `{tuuid}` placeholders instead of `xxx-aaa-cccc` and `xxx-yyy-zzz`
- `curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json'  -d '{"review" : "very good work"}' http://localhost:8080/dealreviews/uuid/review/{tuuid}?user=john`

Author: Hi @radtriste Done
